Add `CREATE VECTOR INDEX` command for node vector indexes (#800)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/deprecations-additions-removals-compatibility.adoc

| Added a new keyword xref::functions/aggregating.adoc#counting_with_and_without_duplicates[ALL], explicitly defining that the aggregate function is not `DISTINCT`.
This is a mirror of the already existing keyword `DISTINCT` for functions.

a|
label:functionality[]
label:new[]

[source, cypher, role=noheader]
----
CREATE VECTOR INDEX [index_name] [IF NOT EXISTS]
FOR (n: Label) ON (n.property)
OPTIONS {indexConfig: {
 `vector.dimensions`: $dimension,
 `vector.similarity_function`: $similarityFunction
}}
----

> | Add command to create node vector indexes, replacing the `db.index.vector.createNodeIndex` procedure.
> The index configuration settings `vector.dimensions` and `vector.similarity_function` are mandatory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Added command to create node vector indexes, replacing the `db.index.vector.createNodeIndex` procedure.
The index configuration settings `vector.dimensions` and `vector.similarity_function` are mandatory when using this command.
```
